hello this is chef john from food
whooshes comm with cherry tomato feta in
basil scrambled eggs when i think summer
i think sweet corn on the cob
I think how's it possible the Chicago
Cubs suck again this year and I think
delicious sweet cherry tomatoes so I'm
gonna show you how to make one of my
favorite summer breakfasts and one of
the keys is Me's applause we got to have
all these ingredients ready chopped
sliced ahead of time before we start
cooking because this thing cooks so fast
there's just no time to do anything once
the flame is out okay first of all we
have three farm-fresh eggs and by
farm-fresh I mean just from the grocery
store three cherry tomatoes per egg I
have nine cherry tomatoes cut in half
some Shifa nod of fresh sweet basil some
hot pepper and feta one of my favorite
cheese's I'm gonna give a nice pinch of
red pepper flakes to the eggs give those
a scramble and then we're gonna dump in
the other ingredients there's just no
time to add those once the eggs are in
the pan the feta cheese the sweet fresh
basil and our lovely sweet 100 cherry
tomatoes I'm gonna throw a heavy
high-quality nonstick pan on high heat
that's right high don't be afraid a nice
glug of olive oil about a tablespoon and
a half maybe all right leave it on the
heat until it starts to shimmer that
means it's really hot so that's smoking
yet but it's shimmering and then dump in
the eggs have your spatula in your hand
and don't do anything for five seconds
don't do anything wait for it wait for
it and now start moving the pan moving
the eggs moving everything and this is
gonna cook this is real time however my
second sis is this is gonna cook really
fast
normally I use a lower heat for
scrambled eggs but the idea here is
because we have such watery ingredients
the cherry tomatoes and the feta we need
to cook everything fast before
everything starts to bleed okay so
that's it how simple
all right transfer to a plate I'm gonna
top with some fresh sea salt the feta
has a little bit of salt in it but
you're gonna need a little more probably
so incredibly delicious sweet herbaceous
little bit salty just magnificent and oh
yeah there will be blood and by blood I
mean delicious sweet cherry tomato juice
and a little bit of feta milk
the genius of this dish though is the
toast soaks it up and you're in summer
breakfast heaven and cherry tomatoes are
just perfect right now for this dish so
go get some give it a try go to the site
all the ingredients are there although I
don't really think you need them and as
always enjoy